feat: support stack trace warnings and infer error messages from stack trace (#6506)
NomicFoundation/hardhat: .changeset/pretty-lizards-roll.md

---
"hardhat": patch
---

> Display solidity stack trace generation warnings to the users and try to infer better error messages from said stack traces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Infer and display better error messages from stack traces ([#6505](https://github.com/NomicFoundation/hardhat/issues/6505))
```
